TERMS & CONDITIONS
 
Welcome to Camport
We reserve the right to add, delete or modify any of these Terms and Conditions without prior written notice at any time


Payment

We accept the following payment method:
1) Paypal (HK dollars only, please pay for your item within 7 days)
2) Bank transfer (HK dollars only, please note that the bank charges of HK$60 is NOT inculded for all oversea buyers)


Shipping & Handling

We will ship out item(s) within 2-7 business days(excluding holidays) after the full payment is settled.
All orders are shipped via Hong Kong Post.
We do not ship to P.O. box address and multiple addresses per order. 
All items will be shipped to buyer's Paypal address ONLY!!! Please make sure it is accurate.
We are NOT responsible for wrong or undeliverable address.


Buyers can select:
1) registered airmail
If select wordwide through registered airmail the delivery time will takes around 15-20 Business days 
(except Sunday & public holidays).
It may takes longer due to strict Custom Inspection and shipping destination.
2) EMS (Express Mail Service)
EMS will takes around 3-7 Business days (except Sunday & public holidays). 
It may takes longer due to strict Custom Inspection and shipping destination.
3) Local pick up at our shop.

Insurance is optional but strongly recommended for postal damage and lost protection. Please kindly indicated before completing the order.
Please note that buyers are responsibale for all import taxes, duties and charges which are NOT included.


Return Policy

We guarantee all our items are in good conditions before shipment.
Returns or exchanges are permitted within 14 days of the item ship date.
If there is a factory's defect, the Company will repair the damage for you or send you a replacement but we are not responsible for the postage.
All items must return in brand new condition with all the original packing. Refund policy is not applied in this situation.
All sales items, filters and cleaning items are NOT return, exchange and refundable!!!
Shipping charges and the insurance are NON-refundable
Buyers are responsible for the return shipping cost and a 15% restocking fee.


By Order only and Backorders
 
For those by order only and out of stock items, simply leave a remark during your order. 
We will advise the estimated delivery date upon order confirmation. The item would be shipped to you as soon as it is ready. 


Once you place your order which means you understand and AGREE with all of the terms and conditions!!!


Enquiry & Contact

Office hours are 09:00 - 18:00 Mon to Fri.
Closed on Sat, Sun and Public Holiday
If there is any questions please feel free to ask.
We will reply you ASAP within our office hours.

